DOCSP-39239 Recommend PBS migration (#801)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/reference/partition-based-sync.txt

Partition-Based Sync
====================

.. facet::
   :name: genre 
   :values: reference

.. meta:: 

>    :description: Learn about the older sync mode for Atlas Device Sync, Partion-Based Sync.

Reviewer: A bit nit-picky, but I don't think we want folks to "learn" about PBS anymore. What do you think about something like this?
```suggestion
   :description: Find information about the older sync mode for Atlas Device Sync, Partion-Based Sync.
```

apps. The information on this page is for users who are still using
Partition-Based Sync.

.. note:: Migrate from Partition-Based Sync to Flexible Sync

>   We recommend migrating existing Partition-Based Sync apps to 

Reviewer: Suggestion for concision:
```suggestion
  We recommend migrating Partition-Based Sync apps to 
```
